# [RAJ NP]
This following is a very simple team meeting template. You should expand it based on the scope and nature of your discussion.

## Team Meeting [4] - Week [10] - [2024-05-11] (start-end time)
**Absent:**
<br>
**Lead/scribe: Jugraj Singh**

## Agreed Procedure
Stand up Procedure: 
- Each team member including ones in separate groups (working on search) explains the code required
- to be reused. For example, fetching image is a common task so it is explained by Noah Vendrig so that
- everyone wishing to fetch image can do it time efficiently.
- Search is almost up and running so explained so that bugs/errors can be caught.
 


## Agenda Items
| Number |                                                Item |
|:-------|----------------------------------------------------:|
| [1]    | [Change in grammar -> updated Tokenizer and Parser] |
| [2]    |                             [Link in article fixed] |
| [3]    |                       [Refresh was broken so fixed] |
| [4]    |        [integrated two different xmls for postView] |
| [5]    |                               [notifying works now] |

## Meeting Minutes
- [Summary of the progress reports, discussions, decisions, and matters to be confirmed from the meeting.]
- Jugraj and Jinzheng: implemented author search, searching author now fetches and shows image
- Noah: fixed the notification bug
- Adith: worked on comments, can show timeline
- Raj: removed following feed (decided to cancel), fixed some bugs in account creation


## Action Items
| Task                                                                                |      Assigned To      |    Due Date    |
|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:---------------------:|:--------------:|
| [data streams (update feeders regularly)]                                           |        [Noah]         |  [2024-05-16]  |
| [test tokenizer and parser exhaustively]                                            | [Jugraj and Jinzheng] |  [2024-05-16]  |
| [fully implemented search]                                                          | [Jugraj and Jinzheng] | [2024-05-16]   |
| [postview needs to accomodate liking, improved commenting, improve article linkage] |        [Adith]        |  [2024-05-16]  |
| [dummy data entry for users and posts]                                              |         [Raj]         |  [2024-05-16]  |



## Scribe Rotation
The following dictates who will scribe in this and the next meeting.
| Name |
| [Jugraj Singh] |